Mark options for additional datasources as preview (#40839)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_3_1.adoc

Author: Never mind, if there are some breaking changes, or deprecation,... the template sections can be used.

// ------------------------ Notable changes ------------------------ //
== Notable changes

Notable changes where an internal behavior changed to prevent common misconfigurations, fix bugs or simplify running {project_name}.

=== Options for additional datasources marked as preview

> Options provided for settings of additional datasources have been marked as preview, as further changes might be added in the next releases.
> Unfortunately, these options have not been marked for the {project_name} 26.3.0 major release as they should.

Reviewer: Maybe we could say something like this to be more clear?
```suggestion
In the 26.3.0 release, the newly added options for configuring additional datasources were missing a preview label. This has been now corrected as the work on this feature continues over a few next releases.
```
WDYT?

Author: Works for me, thanks!
